varigt = permanently
sikkert = safe
forlanger = demands
udfordring = challenge
meddelte = announced
væsentlig = significant
stramning = tightening
værter = hosts
nægter = refuses
opsigtvækkende = sensational
bevis = proof
nedværdigende = degrading
skæbne = fate
mønster = pattern
tilsyneladende = apparently
afventer = awaits
begrænsninger = limitations
afgørelse = decisions
lover = promise
fremlægge = present
lejlighed = apartment
skuffende = disappointing
fremtid = future
afviser = rejects
aflyste = cancelled
angrebet = attacked
henvendelser = inquiries
slukker = turns off
forholdene = the conditions
fremlagt = submitted
almindelige = ordinary
anholdelser = arrests
knaphed = scarcity
undgå = avoid
lignende = similar
gavmilde = generous
nemlig = exactly
udtryk = expression
straffe = punish
behandling = treatment
begejstring = excitement
fordømmer = condemns
hændelse = incident
stortest = pretty much
væsen = nature
samtale = conversation
eftersom = since
udbredt = widespread
slog_fast = stated
afbøde = mitigate
myndigheder = authorities
førende = leading
tåbelige = foolish
stram = strict
gengæld = in return
beviste = conscious
godkendt = approved
stigende = increasing
kølvandet = the aftermath
udbygge = expand
lindre = ease
særligt = particularly
opfordret = encouraged
